Make target audience explicit on docs.wire.com. (#2662)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/index.rst

Welcome to Wire's (self-hosting) documentation!
===============================================

If you are a wire end-user, please check out our `support pages <https://support.wire.com/>`_.

The targeted audience of this documentation is:

* the curious power-user (people who want to understand how the server components of Wire work)

> * site operators (people who want to self-host Wire on their own datacentres or cloud)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* on-premise operators/administrators (people who want to self-host Wire-Server on their own datacentres or cloud)
```
